README.md, before:

# Leet Code Solution in Java

**Inspired by [Xi Chen](https://github.com/aaron-xichen/LeetCodeSolution)** 

1. **[Two Sum](https://github.com/dinever/LeetCodeSolution/blob/master/src/TwoSum.java)**

    Time Complexity: O(n), Space Complexity: O(n).
    
    The main idea is to use a map to store every element we seen, and for every `nums[i]` we check wether there is a 
    corresponding number `target - nums[i]` stored in the map. If so, get the value `j` by the key `target - nums[i]`, 
    which is the index of the corresponding number, then return `{i + 1, j + 1}`.

2. **[AddTwoNumbers](https://github.com/dinever/LeetCodeSolution/blob/master/src/AddTwoNumbers.java)**

    Time Complexity: O(n), Space Complexity: O(n);
    
    This problem is rather easy. It focuses more on operations on linked lists. Just scan over the two linked list and
    add each other together, remember to keep a carry bit and check the boundary conditions.
    
2. **[Longest Substring Without Repeating Characters](https://github.com/dinever/LeetCodeSolution/blob/master/src/LongestSubstringWithoutRepeatingCharacters.java)**

    Time Complexity: O(n), Space Complexity: O(1);
    
    The idea is to use a hash map to track the index of the character we recently met. When we scan the string, we can
    use the hash map to check whether we have met this character. If so, we get its index and update our `start` index.

Commit message:

Median of Two Sorted Arrays.(binary search approach)

README.md, after:

# Leet Code Solution in Java

**Inspired by [Xi Chen](https://github.com/aaron-xichen/LeetCodeSolution)** 

1. **[Two Sum](https://github.com/dinever/LeetCodeSolution/blob/master/src/TwoSum.java)**

    Time Complexity: O(n), Space Complexity: O(n).
    
    The main idea is to use a map to store every element we seen, and for every `nums[i]` we check wether there is a 
    corresponding number `target - nums[i]` stored in the map. If so, get the value `j` by the key `target - nums[i]`, 
    which is the index of the corresponding number, then return `{i + 1, j + 1}`.

2. **[AddTwoNumbers](https://github.com/dinever/LeetCodeSolution/blob/master/src/AddTwoNumbers.java)**

    Time Complexity: O(n), Space Complexity: O(n);
    
    This problem is rather easy. It focuses more on operations on linked lists. Just scan over the two linked list and
    add each other together, remember to keep a carry bit and check the boundary conditions.
    
3. **[Longest Substring Without Repeating Characters](https://github.com/dinever/LeetCodeSolution/blob/master/src/LongestSubstringWithoutRepeatingCharacters.java)**

    Time Complexity: O(n), Space Complexity: O(1);
    
    The idea is to use a hash map to track the index of the character we recently met. When we scan the string, we can
    use the hash map to check whether we have met this character. If so, we get its index and update our `start` index.

4. **[Median of Two Sorted Arrays](https://github.com/dinever/LeetCodeSolution/blob/master/src/MedianOfTwoSortedArrays.java)**

    Time Complexity: O(log(n) + log(m)), Space Complexity: O(1);
    
    By the reason that the median of the two arrays should be located between the median of `nums1` and the median of
    `nums2, a good approach is to compare the median of `nums1` and `nums2`, if the median of `nums1` is greater than
    the median of `nums2`, then we can just drop the first part of `nums2` and go on recursively.
